fix(astro:assets): inject /_image endpoint with prerendered=false on serverLikeOutput (#7423)
withastro/astro: .changeset/honest-flies-care.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> fix(astro:assets): inject `/_image` endpoint with prerendered=false on serverLikeOutput
> 
> Previously, on hybrid output, images imported on a server-side-rendered page were not rendered and returned a 404 response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure injected `/_image` endpoint for image optimization is not prerendered on hybrid output.
```
